- 👋 Hi, I’m @icubud
- 👀 I’m interested in ... have a wide range of subject interests. I enjoy music, movies and TV...
I enjoy reading and have a W I D E range of interest.
I am a COLLECTOR of wise words, beauty, photos, scraps, inspiration and happiness. I love boxes, leather goods, journals, pens, BOOKS, vests, bags, ephemera and rings. I am an avid re-user/re-purposer of packaging and mailing materials - really anything -- and no I am not a hoarder.
I have a great love for bunnies and cubs.
Spiritually I consider myself a saved Bible believer but so as to hopefully avoid some of the stigma that is heavily steeped on anyone who does not designate a denomination, I must consider myself an independent saved Bible-believing Baptist. But Baptist denominations are highly polluted with leaven and such. I am a Christian in the true definition of the word which is given in Acts 11:26. Roman Catholicism and Orthodox Catholicism are NOT Christian. R.C. has been a great and successful tool in 1) making people not want to be a Christian and 2) making the majority of its believers/followers/members die and go to hell. I have great concern for everyone's present, temporal state of things and the future, eternal state of things.
Matt 16:26 For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?
Politically I consider myself an independent, that unfortunately due to the limited choices, usually votes Republican. I am praying for legitimate third and fourth parties to gain traction in our society so that they will provide some better candidates. I am hoping for a bloodless American Spring. I believe some of the greatest detriments to our society here in the USA is the MSM (mainstream media), the judicial system and Congress. MAGA!! WWG1WGA #45=#47; #17.
Our country needs to make term limits for those who hold a seat in Congress. The individual can not serve more than 8 years in their life in any capacity of Congress. And yes I voted for Trump both times and will do so again.
I am 56, married 30 years and we have no children by design and intent. I have earned a MBA with distinction and now that I have the whole grad school thing behind me (as of 6/26/11), I am trying to resume my writing, painting and drawing. I am also a former adjunct professor in the business & economic program of a major university where we live. I taught in the evenings. (In 2016 I quit adjunct teaching due to a couple things: one,what ended up being my hourly pay wage was around two dollars an hour. Secondly, the anxiety and angst of successfully teaching the class drowned me to the point I was a miserable ball of nerves.) I am wonderfully employed during the day as an Epic Clarity report writer & data analyst for a major health-care organization where we live. I thank You God for this wonderful opportunity and for all things He has given me AND not given me.
I am a hopeless romantic.
I am Linux not Windows/Apple.
I am laptop not desktop.
I am a lover of real tangible books AND Kindle/Adobe Reader books and audiobooks. Me just love books :O)
I prefer quiet over noise.
My Strength Finders results are: input, achiever, learner, intellectual, context
Some people I admire: The Lord Jesus Christ (wholly God and wholly man), all those who gave their lives as recorded in the Foxe's Book of Martyrs and those since then that have been executed because they would not deny their saving faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, William Tyndale, John Wycliffe, Matthew Rogers, Gipsy Smith, DL Moody, Clarence Larkin, Ronald Reagan, John Knox, Martin Luther, Apostle Paul, the 12 disciples/apostles listed in Acts 1, Samuel the prophet, William Evans, Ph.D., D.D., Litt. D, Edward F. Hills A.B. - Yale, Th.M. - Columbia, Th.D. - Harvard; JTC, Archbishop James Ussher, John Frith, Erasmus, Alexander Hislop, Avro Manhattan, Dean Burgon, 161 1 KJV Bible Translators, Susanna Wesley, Susannah Thompson Spurgeon, PSR & Gail Riplinger.
Some "things" that I like:
Conscientiousness, well-marked books, kindness, romance, appreciation, morals, empathy, big hugs, nuzzling, eyes, long hair, gray/silver hair, beauty, modesty, when a women is a "lady", good coffee, sound of ocean waves hitting the shore, windy days or nights, the sound of rain, cold weather, spring, autumn (except all the leaves to rake), roaring fire in the fireplace or pit, a good meal, gestures from a loving or friendly heart, the oceans/large lakes, music, coffee houses/cafes, books!, grand libraries, well used bookshelves, peace, white fluffy clouds in a blue sky, birds nesting, bunnies!, chipmunks!, wildlife when its not predatory, learning, smell of bread or pizza baking, the smell of coffee, the Basque, collection of information/data/inputs of various kinds, snow, gratitude, connecting the dots in life, old people still in love and are best friends, happy/loving/functional families (wish I had one!), a good mystery, good film/tv/etc., internet, clocks and watches, trains/railroad, symbols, history of many types, good conversation/discussion, my music collection, studying the Bible, a well-marked Bible, crunchy snacks, handwritten correspondence & journals/notes, preparing meals for people who will appreciate it, beautiful gardens, blueprints, maps, REAL friends, boat rides, good Bible preaching/teaching, the mountains, the wilderness, hiking, teamwork, wisdom, simplicity in the right places & quiet.
Some "things" I loathe:
The Alexandrian Cult and its supporters, tptb, FAKES, bullying, making fun of people, grief, people which take advantage of people, neglect, disregard of others, raunchiness, hate, bossy people, brutality, war, fighting, cursing, degradation of society, evil, wickedness, instigators, narcissism, liars, abuse of any kind, loss of innocence, the smell of burnt popcorn, nosy people, death, fake friends, disingenuous, being forgotten, not being valued, loss, broken heart, deceit, disrespect, manipulators, arrogance, loud people, troublemakers, self-entitlement, non-stop talkers who are completely self-absorbed and make everything in someway related to themselves.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...linux, tired of being a slave to Microsoft
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...the horizon is open
- 📫 How to reach me ...i guess just click
<!---
icubud/icubud is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
